Hello guys can do this with you in this way to you.
And there's some confusion that most of the beginners face and that is the difference between what breasts
what President or GM and what best dot.com.
So let's start with the vert press.
What press is basically the content management system.
See the front and back and for web site where we manage the whole website that is the best that is the
actual application that we will be using the best just what the vet said that provides that application
what best application would download that from this president who are you upset and also have the forum
where we can post other Curies and ask questions from the community.
And it has a lot of others that we can get in any problem and it has other Legan's that we can download
and teams to divert Brasa does the sports website where we can get help from other experts on hand hand
press dot com is a totally different website.
This better basically provided the free blog we can get free blog on this website when we no longer
divert press and upload all unrepaired there is Guard Ceph self-hosted blog.
But we can also use free blog plus dog.
God provides that service just like Blogger dot com blog and not done by Google.
We create free blog on that website.
But there are a lot of restrictions in there and the same thing is for us dot com.
There are a lot of restrictions there in your blog on WordPress dropped not gone.
So we will not do that.
Don't ever use free blog because there are a lot of restrictions there.
You cannot do anything freely but when you use self-hosted blog you are free.
You can do anything you want.
You can put any or add you are anything but on free blogs.
There are a lot of restrictions you will face and we're Dorte what but dot Dropcam provides us the free
blog that we don't want.
All right.
So I hope no you guys know what press the press dart or best dog gone.
So let me just revise what brass is just the content management system we we manage our website where
there is a friend and a back in and everything else is basically the application and we're president
or basically said that provide support related to the press we can download from this website and would
press dot com the Web site that provide as free blogging service.
Right.
And don't ever use replugging service.
As I mentioned earlier that there are a lot of the sections there already we are not free to do anything.
So I hope you guys don't know the difference between what best what best not what and we're pressed
dotcom.
So take us through watching this video with you in the next video we go where we will set up our WordPress.